well you can see that this is right this
is a red clover I've got
right hand here and this is white clover
I've got in my left hand and you can see
that they are completely different in
terms of their growth habits the red
clover here goes from is going to deep
taproot it goes from a crown and white
clover grows from a stolen I stole a
network of stolen switch branch out so
for example you can see here the main
stolen with a branch here and there's
the youngest point of the plant and
here's another branch growing here
there's another growing point here and
each of these nodes you can either have
a clover PTO or a flower or in fact
there's roots forming it at this node
here as well so essentially it becomes
an independent plant so the this kind of
growth habit means that quite height
Coover has the ability to fill in beer
spaces to colonize new parts of the of
this world and that's what gives it its
perennial nature its persistent nature
on the other hand if we look at the the
red clover because it's growing from
this one single growth point once this
plant dies as it surely will there is
nothing to fill that space other than
probably weeds so that's what makes red
clover a short-lived species
you